So in the last lesson we learned how to encrypt and write our security rules for our users collection.
But what about our collections collection.
Let's actually encrypt that using very similar style of rules because they're probably going to be the
same.
The only difference is we're going to tweak it based on the needs of that database in particular.
So we're going to match just as we did before our collections collection and we're going to target every
collection Document object inside.
Now what we want users to do is they should be allowed to get both the list as well as the individual
document reference objects.
That's perfectly fine because they actually need it to populate our web application so we will allow
read with no other stipulations about needing them to be authenticated or not doesn't really matter.
They can totally read the only person though that should be allowed to create anything to this collection
should be the user.
That is our own user.
We are the administrator of this Web site.
We should be the only person that should be allowed to create or update any of these things in order
for that rule to work.
We can actually say allow.
Right.
If the request is authenticated so we make sure that it's not null and we make sure that the authenticated
you I.D. is our own user.
So what you can do is go into either your database or your authentication tab find your email for your
account and then copy that user I.D. and then what you're going to do is you are just going to paste
it here.
And this rule essentially now states that the only person that is allowed to actually make and build
new collections is your own user.
So the only way you can do it is you have to make sure you're also signed into the application.
But this is perfectly fine.
So now as long as we're signed in we're actually now able to write to our collections and this is something
you might want to do in the future if you make some kind of dashboard or something like that but this
rule allows you to do pretty much the same thing and this is pretty much all we need for our collections
to also be now encrypted we can even test this out by saying that if we are trying to build a new collections
at this same doesn't really matter.
Some new collection object and let's say we're trying to build a new trench coat section.
So the name of the section will be trench coats if that were the case and we were not our user and we
tried to run this create function will be denied.
But if we are our user and we run it we'll see that we succeeded.
So we've pretty much seen how these rules and these conditions can work for both our collections as
well as our users.
And this is pretty much all we need in order to encrypt our database.
The last step now is to simply publish our new changes so that these are actually what goes live.
And with that our database is now secure.
So what I challenge you to do is delete everything that you saw me write and try it yourself.
And this way you can see whether or not you're actually familiar with the security rules.
You can also now completely build new features around these security rules to have a full understanding
of everything that we've done in this course alongside these security rules to see if you have a full
understanding of how the flow of a new feature would get implemented and the feature that I'm actually
going to request that you build is to move the actual storage of the cart in to firebase.
So as far as our car dropdown is supposed to go there are different actions that trigger updating the
car as we remember throughout this course.
The challenge now is to write the appropriate sagas or update the appropriate sagas so that what happens
is that if a user is signed in they are able to update or create a car inside of the database and then
once they've actually made updates or they've signed out if they sign back in they should be able to
pull in their cart that is stored in our database into the application so that they can continue from
where they left off I will of course include the code inside of the final repo here inside of your resources
folder so that you can see how I would implement such a feature.
But the challenge is for you students to actually take a tackle app building out this slightly complex
feature yourself figure out what security rules you've got to write.
Figure out all the sagas figure out the actions figure out what code you have to update and this is
the best way to make sure that you've solidified your full understanding of everything we've done with
all of these libraries and all of these services.
Building our e-commerce platform I hope you've enjoyed this lesson on security rules and hopefully with
this you'll be able to take a challenge and try out this feature that I've just suggested with moving
the cart into our fire store database.
There will actually also be a couple new things you might have to look at and get familiar with inside
of the firebase documentation.
But I will list all of the details in the next lesson.
It'll be an article and it'll include all the resources you need to tackle this coding challenge as
well as the final solution there as well.
So good luck everyone and we'll see you in the next lesson.